When i press grand theft auto vi, i just want it to give the animation from the video, i dont want to look at the video, i want you to look at the video, and put animations from the video to the website, and here is some other stuff i want in the website, and also, make sure admin is working, admin user: admin, password: chamak2024, and also add this, ai smart search, complete the look, back in stock whatsapp alerts, and also, add this, i sent you an image, whenever someone comes on the website, i want this image to fade in. And than after 5 seconds, the picture fades out, and than, i want these fatures, in admin, i want tobe able to activate events, these are the events and features enabled in these events, flash sale events, the admin can schedule a flash sale with countdown timer,homepage takeover banner, discount badges, auto start and auto end, event.2, gta 6 launch event, gta 6 homepage banner, countdown, pre order now section, limitedtime theme, featured gta 6 products, event.3, ramadan and eid events, special homepage, gold accents, ramadan banners, eid sale, scheduled automatically, event.4, seasonal events, black friday, cyber monday, UAE national day, back to school, summer sale, winter sale. Let me create unlimeted events, here are some other features i want, 1. Drop system, customers can click notify me for drops, and get notified, when a new collection launches, 2. Vip membership, customers can earn points and unlock perks like early access or discounts(admin chooses the discount), 3. Customer gallery, customers upload themselves wearing or using products, and the admin can approve them to appear on the website, 4. Mystery boxes, create mystery box products with different price teirs, and surprise items, 5. Live order map, after an order ships, customers can see where it is on the live map (if supported by my shipping provider) 6. Game codes, let customers recieve digital game codes automatically after payment (for digital games), 7.product of the week, the admin selects one featured product that gets highlited across the website, 9. Trending meter, show a small badge such as for example: 243 people viewed this today, 56 people added this to their wishlist, 18 sold this week, 10. Smart outfit builder, add a feature called build your outfit, when a customer views any product, display a build your outfit button, than it automatically choosesan outfit for them.